gh-109653: Fix py312 regression in the import time of `random` (#110221)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-10-02-15-40-10.gh-issue-109653.iB0peK.rst

> Reduce the import time of :mod:`random` by around 60%. Patch by Alex
> Waygood.

Author: This could perhaps be

```suggestion
Fix a Python 3.12 regression in the import time of :mod:`random`. Patch by Alex
Waygood.
```
